Update portability-analyzer.md (#30628)
dotnet/docs: docs/standard/analyzers/portability-analyzer.md

# The .NET Portability Analyzer

> > ***Note:** We're in the process of deprecating API Port in favor of integrating binary analysis directly into [.NET Upgrade Assistant](https://github.com/dotnet/upgrade-assistant). In the upcoming months, we're going to shutdown the backend service of API Port which will require to use the tool in offline mode. The instructions to use API Port in offline mode can be found [here](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-apiport/blob/dev/docs/Console/README.md#run-the-tool-in-an-offline-mode).*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE]
> We're in the process of deprecating API Port in favor of integrating binary analysis directly into [.NET Upgrade Assistant](https://github.com/dotnet/upgrade-assistant). In the upcoming months, we're going to shut down the backend service of API Port, which will require using the tool offline. For more information, see [GitHub: .NET API Port repository](https://github.com/microsoft/dotnet-apiport/blob/dev/docs/Console/README.md#run-the-tool-in-an-offline-mode).*
```

Author: thanks!

Author: not sure if that ending `*` is required for some reason so re-requesting your 👀
